[SYNTH-12977] Reorder properties (#129)
DataDog/synthetics-test-automation-circleci-orb: README.md

| `api_key`                 | env var name | `DATADOG_API_KEY`                         | The name of the environment variable containing the API key.                                                                                                                                                            |
| `app_key`                 | env var name | `DATADOG_APP_KEY`                         | The name of the environment variable containing the APP key.                                                                                                                                                            |
| `background`              | boolean      | `false`                                   | Whether or not this step should run in the background. [See official CircleCI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/configuration-reference/#run).                                                                   |

> | `batch_timeout`           | number       | _30 minutes_                              | The duration (in milliseconds) after which the batch fails as timed out. The default is 30 minutes.                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `batch_timeout`           | number       | _30 minutes_                              | The specified amount of time (in milliseconds) to wait for a batch before timing out. The default value is 30 minutes.                                                                                                                     |
```

Author: Hey for this we actually initially asked in #documentation [here](https://dd.slack.com/archives/C0DESMBQU/p1722245368197199)
would you still like me to change it?

Reviewer: Hi @teodor2312, you can ignore my suggestion on this. Thanks!

| `junit_report`            | string       | _none_                                    | The filename for a JUnit report if you want to generate one.                                                                                                                                                            |
| `locations`               | string       | _values in [test files][18]_              | String of locations separated by semicolons to override the locations where your tests run.                                                                                                                             |
| `no_output_timeout`       | string       | _30 minutes_                              | Elapsed time the command can run without output. The string is a decimal with unit suffix, such as “20m”, “1.25h”, “5s”. [See official CircleCI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/configuration-reference/#run). |

> | `polling_timeout`         | number       | _30 minutes_                              | **DEPRECATED** in favour of batch_timeout. The duration (in milliseconds) after which the action stops polling for test results. At the CI level, test results completed after this duration are considered failed.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `polling_timeout`         | number       | _30 minutes_                              | **DEPRECATED** in favor of batch_timeout. The duration (in milliseconds) after which the action stops polling for test results. At the CI level, test results completed after this duration are considered failed.     |
```
